Adds suggestions for monitoring and tuning the tail sampling processor to the README (#32728)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/tailsamplingprocessor/README.md

**A.** This is likely a load issue. If the collector is processing more traces in-memory than the `num_traces` configuration
option allows, some will have to be dropped before they can be sampled. Increasing the value of `num_traces` can
help resolve this error, at the expense of increased memory usage.

## Monitoring and Tuning 

See [metrics.go][metrics_go] for the full list metrics available for this component.

### Dropped Traces

> A circular buffer is used to ensure the number of traces in-memory doesn't exceed `num_traces`. When a new trace arrives, the oldest trace is removed. This can cause a trace to be dropped before its sampled. To reduce the chance of this happening, either increase `num_traces` or decrease `decision_wait`. Both of those options increase memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A circular buffer is used to ensure the number of traces in-memory doesn't exceed `num_traces`. When a new trace arrives, the oldest trace is removed. This can cause a trace to be dropped before it's sampled. To reduce the chance of this happening, either increase `num_traces` or decrease `decision_wait`. Both of those options increase memory usage.
```

**Number of Traces Dropped**
```
otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_sampling_trace_dropped_too_early
```

**Pre-emptively Preventing Dropped Traces**

> A trace will be dropped without sampling if it's removed from the circular buffer before `decision_wait`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A trace is dropped without sampling if it's removed from the circular buffer before `decision_wait`.
```

To track how long traces remain in the buffer use:
```
otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_sampling_trace_removal_age
```

> It may be useful to calculate latency percentiles like p1 and compare that value to `decision_wait`. Values close to `decision_wait` are at risk of being dropped if trace volume increases.

Author: Adding a new gauge tracking `decision_wait` could be helpful for alerts to avoid hard-coding the "close to `decision_wait`" part. Also for showing the value on a line graph of removal age percentiles

Reviewer 2: idea to implement as part of #31580

**Slow Sampling Evaluation**
```
otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_sampling_decision_timer_latency
```

> This measures latency of sampling a batch of traces and passing sampled traces through the remainder of the collector pipeline. A latency exceeding 1 second can delay sampling decisions beyond `decision_wait`, increasing the chance of traces being dropped before sampling.

Author: I didn't actually test this but i'm assuming that latency >1 second would cause some 1 second ticks from `time.Ticker` to be ignored. And maybe this is too much of an edge case to include?

Reviewer 2: godoc for time.Ticker:

```
// NewTicker returns a new Ticker containing a channel that will send
// the current time on the channel after each tick. The period of the
// ticks is specified by the duration argument. The ticker will adjust
// the time interval or drop ticks to make up for slow receivers.
// The duration d must be greater than zero; if not, NewTicker will
// panic. Stop the ticker to release associated resources.
```

We don't do any async processing during the tick, so, I assume this is indeed the case.

> It's therefore recommended to consume this component's output with components that trigger an asynchronous or fast export, like the `batch` processor.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should name the batch processor specifically, given we know we'll deprecate it in favor of native batching on exporters.

Author: good to know, it no longer mentions `batch` processor specifically, just fast/asynchronous consumers in general

> ### Late Arriving Spans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Late-Arriving Spans
```

A span's arrival is considered "late" if it arrives after its trace's sampling decision is made. Late spans can cause different sampling decisions for different parts of the trace.

There are two scenarios for late arriving spans:

> - Scenario 1: While the sampling decision of the trace remains in the circular buffer of `num_traces` length, the late spans inherit that decision. That means late spans do not influence the trace's sampling decision. 

Reviewer 2: Is this still the case? I thought I've seen that the latest code will just synchronously delete the entry from the entry map.

Author: I might be missing a code path but I only see deletion from `idToTrace` when a new span arrives and the circular buffer is full

<img width="1512" alt="image" src="https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/assets/17691679/d1e01955-0a19-4726-879f-8799ba4948cd">

And then i'm interpreting it as the late span hitting the below else block to pick-up the sampling decision. 

https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/b1bbd587d4adc89f9cbc34754c4e67123d8e5283/processor/tailsamplingprocessor/processor.go#L426-L453

I'm just eye-balling all of this but happy to test this out to confirm

Occurrences of Scenario 1 can be tracked with the histogram metric:
```
otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_sampling_trace_removal_age
```

It may be useful to:
- Calculate the percentage of spans arriving late with `otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_sampling_trace_removal_age / otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_count_spans_sampled`. Note that `count_spans_sampled` requires enabling the `processor.tailsamplingprocessor.metricstatcountspanssampled` feature gate.
- Visualize lateness as a histogram to see how much it can be reduced by increasing `decision_wait`.

### Sampling Decision Frequency

**Sampled Frequency**

To track the percentage of traces that were actually sampled, use: 

```
otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_global_count_traces_sampled{sampled="true"} / 
otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_global_count_traces_sampled
```

**Sampling Policy Decision Frequency**

To see how often each policy votes to sample a trace, use:

```
sum (otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_count_traces_sampled{sampled="true"}) by (policy) / 
sum (otelcol_processor_tail_sampling_count_traces_sampled) by (policy) 
```

> As a reminder, a policy voting to sample the trace does not guarantee sampling; An "inverted not" decision from another policy would still discard the trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a reminder, a policy voting to sample the trace does not guarantee sampling; an "inverted not" decision from another policy would still discard the trace.
```
